Independence Day
----------------

[ TODO: rewrite to be about aliens shooting a laser down and asking for expected number of countries hit ]

You managed to beat your friend in Battleships and take his points! Perfectly legitimately, of course. However, for some strange reason he’s upset, and now challenges you to a rematch - this time at the game of Advanced Battleships, and with even higher stakes!

You each have a grid consisting of M rows of N cells (1 <= N,M <= 500). Each cell is either empty or contains part of a player’s ship. What makes this game so “advanced” is the fact that each ship consists of 1 or more adjacent, non-empty cells. Two cells are considered adjacent if they share a common side. Of course, this means that ships can have some very strange shapes. No two ships are adjacent to one another.

You know for a fact that you can distract your friend for a brief moment, this time by telling him that someone solved Good Hunting Will, but this trick will again only work exactly once. While he isn’t looking, you’ll have time to snatch up some of his ships with one hand. Your hand can cover a square of exactly SxS cells (1 <= S <= min{N,M}), and you can gather all the ships that are at least partially within such a square at once.

Of course, your friend is no fool, so he’s got his grid well concealed. As such, you don’t know anything about it except its size, so when the time comes, you’ll just choose a random square of size SxS that’s completely within the grid.

As usual, these bets attract large crowds. One of the bystanders who can see your opponent’s grid knows your plan, and is curious as to the expected number of ships that you will grab (in other words, the average number of ships out of all the possible snatches you could make). Nerdy though he is, he can’t calculate it in his head, so he runs over to a computer and codes up a program...

Input Format:

Line 1: 3 integers, M, N, and S
Next M lines: N characters representing the ith row of your opponent’s grid, for i=1..M (an "X" represents a ship, while a "." represents an empty cell)

Output Format:

1 real number, the expected number of ships that you’ll grab. Your answer must have at most 10^{-5} absolute or relative error to be considered correct.

Sample Input:

5 5 2
XXXX.
X..X.
X..X.
X....
.XX..

Sample Output:

0.875

Sample Explanation:

There are 16 possible areas you could pick, yielding this many ships each:

  1 1 1 1
  1 0 1 1
  1 0 1 1
  2 1 1 0

This is a total of 14 ships, for an average of 0.875.
